IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to be executed by their duly authorized representatives effective as of the Issue Date written above. “COMPANY”   ASTERA LABS, INC. By:   /s/ Jitendra Mohan Name: Jitendra Mohan Title: CEO and President “HOLDER” SILICON VALLEY BANK By:   /s/ Janice Ahn Name: Janice Ahn Title: Vice President [Signature Page to Warrant to Purchase Common Stock]

ORPHANS:
ORPHAN: 1.2 Cashless Exercise. On any exercise of this Warrant, in lieu of payment of the aggregate Warrant Price in the manner as specified in Section 1.1 above, but otherwise in accordance with the requirements of Section 1.1, Holder may elect to receive Shares equal to the value of this Warrant, or portion hereof as to which this Warrant is being exercised. Thereupon, the Company shall issue to the Holder such number of fully paid and non-assessable Shares as are computed using the following formula:        X = Y(A-B)/A where:        X =    the number of Shares to be issued to the Holder;   Y =    the number of Shares with respect to which this Warrant is being exercised (inclusive of the Shares surrendered to the Company in payment of the aggregate Warrant Price);   A =    the Fair Market Value (as determined pursuant to Section 1.3 below) of one Share; and   B =    the Warrant Price. 1.3 Fair Market Value. If the Company’s Common Stock is then traded or quoted on a nationally recognized securities exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or over-the-counter market (a “Trading Market”), the fair market value of a Share shall be the closing price or last sale price of a share of Common Stock reported for the Business Day immediately before the date on which Holder delivers this Warrant together with its Notice of Exercise to the Company. If the Company’s Common Stock is not traded in a Trading Market, the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine the fair market value of a Share in its reasonable good faith judgment. 1.4 Delivery of Certificate and New Warrant. Within a reasonable time after Holder exercises this Warrant in the manner set forth in Section 1.1 or 1.2 above, the Company shall deliver to Holder a certificate representing the Shares issued to Holder upon such exercise and, if this Warrant has not been fully exercised and has not expired, a new warrant of like tenor representing the Shares not so acquired. 1.5 Replacement of Warrant. On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form, substance and amount to the Company or, in the case of mutilation, on surrender of this Warrant to the Company for cancellation, the Company shall, within a reasonable time, execute and deliver to Holder, in lieu of this Warrant, a new warrant of like tenor and amount.   2
ORPHAN: SECTION 3.REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 3.1 Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Holder as follows: (a) The initial Warrant Price referenced on the first page of this Warrant is not greater than the fair market value of a share of the Company’s Common Stock as set forth in the 409A Valuation. (b) All Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant shall, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free of any liens and encumbrances except for restrictions on transfer provided for herein or under applicable federal and state securities laws. The Company covenants that it shall at all times cause to be reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued capital stock such number of securities as will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of this Warrant. (c) The Company’s capitalization table attached hereto as Schedule 1 is true and complete, in all material respects, as of the Issue Date. 3.2 Notice of Certain Events. If the Company proposes at any time to: (a) declare any dividend or distribution upon the outstanding shares of the Company’s stock, whether in cash, property, stock, or other securities and whether or not a regular cash dividend; (b) offer for subscription or sale pro rata to the holders of the outstanding shares any additional shares of any class or series of the Company’s stock (other than pursuant to contractual pre-emptive rights); (c) effect any reclassification, exchange, combination, substitution, reorganization or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock; (d) effect an Acquisition or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up; or (e) effect an initial, underwritten offering and sale of its securities to the public pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act (the “IPO”); then, in connection with each such event, the Company shall give Holder: (1) in the case of the matters referred to in (a) and (b) above, at least seven (7) Business Days prior written notice of the earlier to occur of the effective date thereof or the date on which a record will be taken for such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights (and specifying the date on which the holders of outstanding shares of the Common Stock will be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote, if any;   5