
ORPHANS:
ORPHAN: 1.2 Company Commitment Prior to the Retirement Date. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive’s compliance with the same, his non-revocation of the release of claims included in Article III of this Agreement, and Executive’s continued employment by the Company through the Retirement Date: (a) Base Salary. Executive will continue to receive his base salary at its current annual rate of $515,000, payable in accordance with the Company’s regular payroll policies and practices as may be in effect from time to time, provided that Executive will not be eligible for any increase, or subject to any decrease, in base salary during the term of this Agreement; (b) 2023 Annual Performance Plan. Executive will be entitled to receive any award under the Company’s 2023 Annual Performance Plan (“APP”) that would otherwise be payable to Executive under the terms and conditions thereof, in accordance with the Company’s usual practices; and (c) Employee Benefits. Subject to the waiver set forth in Section 1.4 below, Executive will continue to be eligible to participate in the qualified and nonqualified and deferred compensation plans of the Company in accordance with the terms of such plans. In addition, Executive will continue to be covered by all health and welfare benefits incident to Executive’s employment by the Company through the last day of the calendar month following the Retirement Date. 1.3 Company Commitment Following the Retirement Date. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive’s compliance with the same, Executive’s continued employment by the Company through the Retirement Date and Executive’s execution, delivery and non-revocation of Appendix A on the Retirement Date: (a) Company Consent. The Company hereby consents, to Executive’s retirement, as of the Retirement Date, for purposes of the Company’s 2020 Incentive Plan and 2022 Incentive Plan, any equity awards made to Executive thereunder, the Company’s Defined Contribution Restoration Plan, and any other benefit plans or programs maintained by the Company as of the date of this Agreement in which Executive participates that may require consent of the Company as a prerequisite to retirement. Executive’s employment with the Company shall be treated for all purposes as having been terminated no later than the Retirement Date. Executive acknowledges and understands that Company has no obligation to consent to his retirement, that the Company would not have provided said consent but for Executive’s entering this Agreement, and that the Company’s consent to Executive’s retirement provides new and adequate consideration for his agreement to the provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the restrictive covenants under Article II and the general release of claims under Article III; (b) Base Compensation. Executive will continue to receive his base salary at its current annual rate of $515,000, payable in accordance with the Company’s regular payroll policies and practices as may be in effect from time to time from the Retirement Date through and including December 31 2024; (c) 2024 APP. Executive will be entitled to receive an award under the Company’s 2024 APP that, consistent with the terms and conditions of the 2024 APP, will equal the product of Executive’s current target award level of 70% and Executive’s current base salary of $515,000, prorated in the manner provided for under the 2024 APP for the period from January 1, 2024 through the Retirement Date and otherwise payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 2024 APP and the Company’s usual practices related thereto.   2
ORPHAN: 2.4 Cooperation. Until the Retirement Date, Executive agrees to comply with all Company rules, policies, and procedures, including but not limited to the Company’s Corporate Guidelines for Business Conduct and Ethics. Until the Retirement Date and thereafter, Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company in the prosecution or defense of claims asserted by or against it or the investigation of potential claims and shall be available, by telephone, video conference or in person, at such reasonable times as may be requested by the Company, to discuss and consult with employees or agents of the Company with respect to business matters of the Company. Such cooperation and consultation shall include meeting with representatives of the Company or the Company’s attorneys, or both, divulging to the Company any information that the Company may request for possible use in the conduct of its business or in litigation, arbitration, investigations (whether internal or external) or other legal proceeding, and testifying on behalf of the Company at the Company’s request. The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for reasonable personal expenses incurred by Executive pursuant to this Section 2.4. Nothing in this Section shall preclude Executive from complying with legal obligations to testify under oath truthfully and accurately or producing information in response to a properly served subpoena or as otherwise required by law or legal process. 2.5 Future Employment. Through and including October 1, 2026, Executive agrees to notify the Company in writing of the name and address of any new person or entity by whom or which Executive becomes employed or for whom or which Executive agrees to perform consulting or other services. 2.6 Work Product. Executive agrees that all works of authorship developed or created in whole or in part by Executive during his employment by the Company, whether alone or in collaboration with other Company employees or third parties providing consulting other services to the Company shall to the extent possible be deemed works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act (17 U.S. C. §101 et. Seq.)(“Work Product”) and that all Work Product shall remain the property of the Company. To the extent that any such Work Product may not, under applicable law, be considered work made for hire, the Executive hereby grants, transfers, assigns, conveys and relinquishes all of his right, title and interest in and to the Work Product to the Company in perpetuity or for the longest period otherwise permitted by law. Consistent with his recognition of the Company’s absolute ownership of all Work Product, the Executive agrees that he shall not take or maintain any Work Product or copies thereof and shall not use any Work Product for the benefit of any party other than the Company. 2.7 Provision of Transition Services Following the Transition Date. From the Transition Date through and including his Retirement Date, Executive will work remotely and for the sole purpose of providing Transition Services expressly when and as requested by the Board Chair. Executive’s principal place of employment shall be his residence located in Sewickley, Pennsylvania or within 20 miles thereof, subject to travel as reasonably necessary and expressly agreed by the parties. Executive acknowledges that his access to Company systems and other resources may, in the sole discretion of the Company, be limited or removed during such time and agrees to return all Company equipment in his possession promptly upon request by the Company and in no event any later than the Retirement Date. ARTICLE III RELEASE OF CLAIMS 3.1 Released Claims. (a) In consideration of the Company’s consent to his retirement and the other consideration provided pursuant to this Agreement, except as provided in Section 3.2 below, Executive, on behalf of himself, his heirs, dependents, and administrators, absolutely, irrevocably   6
ORPHAN: 3.3 Knowing and Voluntary Agreement. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that: (a) he has a period of at least twenty-one (21) days within which to review, consider, and sign this Agreement, including Appendix A to this Agreement; (b) he has a period of the later of (i) seven (7) days following his execution of this Agreement or (ii) until January 8, 2024 (the “Revocation Period”), within which to change his mind and revoke this Agreement. If Executive wishes to revoke this Agreement after signing, he must provide written notice of that revocation to the Company at the address set forth in Section 4.9 below within the Revocation Period. The release of claims contained in this Agreement becomes effective and enforceable after the expiration of seven (7) days after Executive has signed this Agreement, provided he has not revoked it during that period; (c) he has been advised, and has had an opportunity, to review and discuss the terms and meaning of this Agreement with legal counsel of his choosing; (d) he understands the terms and meaning of this Agreement, including that he is knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing all claims described in Section 1(a), including any claims under the ADEA; (e) the consideration Executive is receiving in exchange for this Agreement is something of value to which Executive is not already entitled; and (f) he is entering into this Agreement freely and voluntarily. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 4.1 Term. Subject to Sections 4.2 and 4.3 below, this Agreement shall extend from the Effective Date through and including the Retirement Date, provided that, if, prior to the Retirement Date, Executive revokes the release of claims included in Article III of this Agreement or voluntarily terminates his employment, or if the Company terminates Executive’s employment “for Cause”, the Company shall not be deemed to have consented to Executive’s retirement and Executive shall not be eligible for the benefits set forth in this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Cause” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the CIC Agreement, provided that, for the sake of clarity, the parties hereby agree that the “stated duties reasonably associated with the Executive’s position” to which Section 1.1(h)(iv) of the CIC refers shall, following the Transition Date, be deemed limited to those duties described in Section 2.7 of this Agreement. In addition thereto, the breach of any term of this Agreement shall also constitute Cause. 4.2 Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be declared illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction and if such provision cannot be modified to be enforceable (including the general release language), such provision shall immediately become null and void, leaving the remainder of the Agreement in full force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the scope of the restrictive covenants in Article II of this Agreement exceed the maximum restrictiveness such court deems reasonable and enforceable, the parties intend that the court should reform, modify and enforce the provision to such narrower scope as it determines to be reasonable and enforceable.   9
ORPHAN: 4.3 Injunctive Relief; Survival. In the event of a breach by Executive of any of the provisions of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled, if it shall so elect, to institute legal proceedings to obtain damages for any such breach or to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement by Executive and to enjoin him from any further violation of this Agreement and to exercise such remedies cumulatively or in conjunction with all other rights and remedies provided by law. Executive acknowledges that the remedies at law for any breach of this Agreement may be inadequate, and that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in the event of a breach of this Agreement. Executive acknowledges that his breach or threatened breach of the covenants in Article II of this Agreement would cause the Company irreparable harm, and that the Company would be entitled to seek extraordinary relief in court, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary or permanent injunctions, or other equitable relief, without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and without the necessity of posting any security. If Executive breaches any of the restrictive covenants in Article II, to the extent authorized by law, Executive will be responsible for the reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs the Company incurs in enforcing this Agreement. Additionally, if Executive violates any of the terms of the restrictive covenants in Article II, the period of time during which such restrictive covenant would otherwise have been in effect under the terms of this Agreement shall be automatically extended by the period of time during which Executive was in violation of such covenant(s). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in or implied by this Agreement, the provisions of Articles II and III of this Agreement and of this Article IV shall survive termination of this Agreement. 4.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements, proposed or otherwise, written or oral, concerning the subject matters of this Agreement. However, this Agreement shall not supersede (a) the CIC Agreement except as modified in Section 4.1 above regarding the term “Cause,” (b) any obligation of Executive under any agreement concerning confidentiality, trade secrets, proprietary information, non-disclosure, inventions, patents, copyrights or intellectual property that Executive previously executed, or (c) any rights, privileges or interests of Executive and any obligations of the Company under the Company’s corporate charter, by-laws or other governance documents providing for indemnification of Executive in relation to or in connection with Executive’s employment with the Company, which in each case shall continue to remain in full force and effect. Executive agrees that he has not relied on any representation or statement, whether written or oral, other than as set forth in this Agreement. Furthermore, no modification of this Agreement shall be binding unless in writing signed by both parties. 4.5 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the respective heirs, executors, legal representatives and other successors and assigns of the parties to this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company from consolidating or merging into or with, or transferring all or substantially all of its assets to, another corporation or entity which assumes this Agreement and all obligations and undertakings of the Company hereunder. Upon such consolidation, merger or transfer of assets and assumption, the term “Company” as used herein shall mean such other corporation or entity, and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 4.6 Construction. The language of all sections of this Agreement shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning and not strictly against the drafter of the language of this Agreement. 4.7 Judicial Enforcement. This Agreement may be specially enforced in judicial proceedings. 4.8 Counterparts; Section Headings; Gender and Number. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Where appropriate to the context of this Agreement, (a) use of the singular shall be deemed also to refer to the plural and use of the plural to the singular, and (b) the use of the word “its” or another word denoting any gender shall include all genders.   10