IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to be executed by their duly authorized representatives effective as of the Issue Date written above. “COMPANY”   ASTERA LABS, INC. By:   /s/ Jitendra Mohan Name: Jitendra Mohan Title: CEO and President “HOLDER” SILICON VALLEY BANK By:   /s/ Janice Ahn Name: Janice Ahn Title: Vice President [Signature Page to Warrant to Purchase Common Stock]

ORPHANS:
ORPHAN: 1.2 Cashless Exercise. On any exercise of this Warrant, in lieu of payment of the aggregate Warrant Price in the manner as specified in Section 1.1 above, but otherwise in accordance with the requirements of Section 1.1, Holder may elect to receive Shares equal to the value of this Warrant, or portion hereof as to which this Warrant is being exercised. Thereupon, the Company shall issue to the Holder such number of fully paid and non-assessable Shares as are computed using the following formula:        X = Y(A-B)/A where:        X =    the number of Shares to be issued to the Holder;   Y =    the number of Shares with respect to which this Warrant is being exercised (inclusive of the Shares surrendered to the Company in payment of the aggregate Warrant Price);   A =    the Fair Market Value (as determined pursuant to Section 1.3 below) of one Share; and   B =    the Warrant Price. 1.3 Fair Market Value. If the Company’s Common Stock is then traded or quoted on a nationally recognized securities exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or over-the-counter market (a “Trading Market”), the fair market value of a Share shall be the closing price or last sale price of a share of Common Stock reported for the Business Day immediately before the date on which Holder delivers this Warrant together with its Notice of Exercise to the Company. If the Company’s Common Stock is not traded in a Trading Market, the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine the fair market value of a Share in its reasonable good faith judgment. 1.4 Delivery of Certificate and New Warrant. Within a reasonable time after Holder exercises this Warrant in the manner set forth in Section 1.1 or 1.2 above, the Company shall deliver to Holder a certificate representing the Shares issued to Holder upon such exercise and, if this Warrant has not been fully exercised and has not expired, a new warrant of like tenor representing the Shares not so acquired. 1.5 Replacement of Warrant. On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form, substance and amount to the Company or, in the case of mutilation, on surrender of this Warrant to the Company for cancellation, the Company shall, within a reasonable time, execute and deliver to Holder, in lieu of this Warrant, a new warrant of like tenor and amount.   2
ORPHAN: 1.6 Treatment of Warrant Upon Acquisition of Company. (a) Acquisition. For the purpose of this Warrant, “Acquisition” means any transaction or series of related transactions involving: (i) the sale, lease, exclusive license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (ii) any merger or consolidation of the Company into or with another person or entity (other than a merger or consolidation effected exclusively to change the Company’s domicile), or any other corporate reorganization, in which the stockholders of the Company in their capacity as such immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or reorganization, own less than a majority of the Company’s (or the surviving or successor entity’s) outstanding voting power immediately after such merger, consolidation or reorganization; or (iii) any sale or other transfer by the stockholders of the Company of shares representing at least a majority of the Company’s then-total outstanding combined voting power. (b) Treatment of Warrant at Acquisition. In the event of an Acquisition in which the consideration to be received by the Company’s stockholders consists solely of cash, solely of Marketable Securities or a combination of cash and Marketable Securities (a “Cash/Public Acquisition”), and the fair market value of one Share as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above would be greater than the Warrant Price in effect on such date immediately prior to such Cash/Public Acquisition, and Holder has not exercised this Warrant pursuant to Section 1.1 above as to all Shares, then this Warrant shall automatically be deemed to be Cashless Exercised pursuant to Section 1.2 above as to all Shares effective immediately prior to and contingent upon the consummation of a Cash/Public Acquisition. In connection with such Cashless Exercise, Holder shall be deemed to have restated each of the representations and warranties in Section 4 of the Warrant as of the date thereof and the Company shall promptly notify the Holder of the number of Shares (or such other securities) issued upon exercise. In the event of a Cash/Public Acquisition where the fair market value of one Share as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above would be less than the Warrant Price in effect immediately prior to such Cash/Public Acquisition, then this Warrant will expire immediately prior to the consummation of such Cash/Public Acquisition. (c) Upon the closing of any Acquisition other than a Cash/Public Acquisition defined above, the acquiring, surviving or successor entity shall assume the obligations of this Warrant, and this Warrant shall thereafter be exercisable for the same securities and/or other property as would have been paid for the Shares issuable upon exercise of the unexercised portion of this Warrant as if such Shares were outstanding on and as of the closing of such Acquisition, subject to further adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. (d) As used in this Warrant, “Marketable Securities” means securities meeting all of the following requirements: (i) the issuer thereof is then subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and is then current in its filing of all required reports and other information under the Act and the Exchange Act; (ii) the class and series of shares or other security of the issuer that would be received by Holder in connection with the Acquisition were Holder to exercise this Warrant on or prior to the closing thereof is then traded in Trading Market, and (iii) following the closing of such Acquisition, Holder would not be restricted from publicly re-selling all of the issuer’s shares and/or other securities that would be received by Holder in such Acquisition were Holder to exercise or convert this Warrant in full on or prior to the closing of such Acquisition, except to the extent that any such restriction (x) arises solely under federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, and (y) does not extend beyond six (6) months from the closing of such Acquisition.   3
ORPHAN: SECTION 2.ADJUSTMENTS TO THE SHARES AND WARRANT PRICE. 2.1 Stock Dividends, Splits, Etc. If the Company declares or pays a dividend or distribution on the outstanding shares of the Common Stock payable in securities or property (other than cash), then upon exercise of this Warrant, for each Share acquired, Holder shall receive, without additional cost to Holder, the total number and kind of securities and property which Holder would have received had Holder owned the Shares of record as of the date the dividend or distribution occurred. If the Company subdivides the outstanding shares of the Common Stock by reclassification or otherwise into a greater number of shares, the number of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be proportionately increased and the Warrant Price shall be proportionately decreased. If the outstanding shares of the Common Stock are combined or consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares, the Warrant Price shall be proportionately increased and the number of Shares shall be proportionately decreased. 2.2 Reclassification, Exchange, Combinations or Substitution. Upon any event whereby all of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock are reclassified, exchanged, combined, substituted, or replaced for, into, with or by Company securities of a different class and/or series, then from and after the consummation of such event, this Warrant will be exercisable for the number, class and series of Company securities that Holder would have received had the Shares been outstanding on and as of the consummation of such event, and subject to further adjustment thereafter from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. The provisions of this Section 2.2 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, exchanges, combinations substitutions, replacements or other similar events. 2.3 Intentionally Omitted. 2.4 Intentionally Omitted. 2.5 No Fractional Share. No fractional Share shall be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant and the number of Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. If a fractional Share interest arises upon any exercise of the Warrant, the Company shall eliminate such fractional Share interest by paying Holder in cash the amount computed by multiplying the fractional interest by (i) the fair market value (as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above) of a full Share, less (ii) the then-effective Warrant Price. 2.6 Notice/Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon each adjustment of the Warrant Price, Common Stock and/or number of Shares, the Company, at the Company’s expense, shall notify Holder in writing within a reasonable time setting forth the adjustments to the Warrant Price, class and/or number of Shares and facts upon which such adjustment is based. The Company shall, upon written request from Holder, furnish Holder with a certificate of its Chief Financial Officer, including computations of such adjustment and the Warrant Price, class and number of Shares in effect upon the date of such adjustment.   4
ORPHAN: SECTION 3.REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 3.1 Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Holder as follows: (a) The initial Warrant Price referenced on the first page of this Warrant is not greater than the fair market value of a share of the Company’s Common Stock as set forth in the 409A Valuation. (b) All Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant shall, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free of any liens and encumbrances except for restrictions on transfer provided for herein or under applicable federal and state securities laws. The Company covenants that it shall at all times cause to be reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued capital stock such number of securities as will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of this Warrant. (c) The Company’s capitalization table attached hereto as Schedule 1 is true and complete, in all material respects, as of the Issue Date. 3.2 Notice of Certain Events. If the Company proposes at any time to: (a) declare any dividend or distribution upon the outstanding shares of the Company’s stock, whether in cash, property, stock, or other securities and whether or not a regular cash dividend; (b) offer for subscription or sale pro rata to the holders of the outstanding shares any additional shares of any class or series of the Company’s stock (other than pursuant to contractual pre-emptive rights); (c) effect any reclassification, exchange, combination, substitution, reorganization or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock; (d) effect an Acquisition or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up; or (e) effect an initial, underwritten offering and sale of its securities to the public pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act (the “IPO”); then, in connection with each such event, the Company shall give Holder: (1) in the case of the matters referred to in (a) and (b) above, at least seven (7) Business Days prior written notice of the earlier to occur of the effective date thereof or the date on which a record will be taken for such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights (and specifying the date on which the holders of outstanding shares of the Common Stock will be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote, if any;   5