Party: Grant Date”) among Sovos Brands Limited Partnership (Delaware limited partnership (the “Partnership”...

--- (Additional Root Structure) ---
Exhibit Exhibit A
|-- Content: ​ARTICLE II.PROFITS INTEREsTS; VESTING2.1Profits Interests.  The Incentive Units granted under this ...
`-- Content: ​shall not vest if the Advent Group receives Advent Cash Amounts resulting in a MOIC of less than tw...

--- (Additional Root Structure) ---
Exhibit Exhibit C
|-- Content: ​or before a Change in Control with respect to, or from the sale or other disposition of, any Advent...
`-- Definition: shall: securities that are freely tradable on an established securities market without restriction r...
    |-- Content: ​general advertising or solicitation does not result in the hiring of any employee that the Particip...
    |-- Content: ​(ii) require notification or prior approval by the Partnership of any reporting described in clause...
    |-- Content: ​in the Participant’s name or in the name of the Partnership (or its designee), applications for pat...
    |-- Content: ​prohibition against pursuing other legal or equitable remedies in the event of a breach of this Agr...
    |-- Content: ​transmitted, (ii) if sent by pdf e-mail, when transmitted, (iii) if by nationally recognized privat...
    |-- Content: ​this Agreement or from any other amount owing to the Participant, the amount (in cash or, at the el...
    |-- Content: ​7.15No Third Party Rights.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to grant rights to any Per...
    |-- Content: ​IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.SOV...
    |-- Content: ​Exhibit AAccredited Investor Questionnaire​The undersigned individual (the “Executive”) represents ...
    |-- Content: ​Exhibit BForm of Section 83(b) ElectionThe undersigned taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to § 83(b) ...
    `-- Content: ​Exhibit C​Joinder Agreement​This Joinder Agreement (this “Joinder Agreement”) is made as of the dat...